welcome back to movietella
today i'm going to show you a 2019
psychological horror film titled the
lodge
the film starts with a woman named laura
taking her children aiden and mia to
visit their father richard
upon arriving richard informs laura that
he and his new girlfriend grace are
engaged and due to be married in the
fall
laura storms out and returns home where
she commits suicide by blowing her
brains out
laura is laid to rest by her family
all are distraught but mia is
inconsolable since being a devout
catholic family she believes laura won't
get into heaven for killing herself
six months later richard tells aiden and
mia that they are planning to spend
christmas at grace's family's lodge in
massachusetts in an attempt to bond
the kids are both heavily against this
idea since they blame grace for their
mother's suicide
aiden curses at richard for picking up
psycho over laura
aiden and mia go on richard's computer
to look up an article about grace's past
she was part of a religious cult led by
her father and everyone but her
committed suicide so that grace can live
and pass on the cult's teachings
photos are seen with the cult members
blindfolded and having a piece of tape
on their mouths with sin written on it
although richard does know about this he
and grace want them to understand that
she has put this behind her and has
tried to adjust to a normal life
the kids join richard and grace on their
trip to the lodge along with grace's dog
grady
grace makes an earnest attempt to
connect with aiden and mia though they
are cold toward her
upon arriving everyone gets settled with
grace and richard fooling around in the
next room which the kids can hear
everyone goes outside on the icy lake
the kids get upset when grace comes out
wearing a hat that belonged to laura
moments later mia drops a doll in the
water and tries to reach it
grace gets her away and tries to get the
doll herself but the ice breaks and
grace falls through
richard manages to pull her out before
long
richard is called to work in the city
until he can return for christmas
leaving grace in charge of the kids for
the time being
he leaves her with his gun just in case
grace keeps trying to befriend aiden and
mia but they continue to shun her or
just rudely dismiss her
grace catches aiden watching her as she
showers and they make it clear that she
will never match up to their mother
however grace calls aidan out for doing
this and slowly gets mia to warm up to
grace even watching tv with her
the next day grace finds that some of
her belongings including her medication
and food have gone missing
a storm is going on outside leaving them
snowed in and the electricity has gone
out on everything including their phones
grace suspects the kids are pranking her
even going as far as to snap and swear
at them
they claim that some of their items have
gone missing as well
around the cabin grace sees things like
clocks being forwarded to a later date
and words like repent written on the
mirror
soon even grady goes missing
days pass and grace grows more anxious
due to the lack of meds as well as the
increasing cold and hunger
she thinks she hears mia talking on the
phone and barges in to expose her lie
but finds that it is off and that she
was just pretending to talk
other weird things happen like grace
hearing the voice of her father
preaching his sermons
without her meds grace also begins
sleepwalking and seeing bizarre visions
aidan tells her he had a dream that the
heater malfunctioned and killed them all
and he thinks they are dead
grace attempts to go into town for help
but ends up getting herself lost
she wanders in the cold and barely
visible area until she finds a cabin
shaped like a cross
she sees what appears to be her father
calling to her but grace ends up making
her way back to the lodge where she
finds a frame with a picture of aiden
and mia that says in loving memory along
with a story about them all having died
due to carbon monoxide poisoning on
december 22nd
aiden continues to insist to grace that
they are dead
she later comes across him hanging but
he seems unaffected in an attempt to
prove that they are in purgatory
grace finally loses it and goes out in
the snow aimlessly walking on her knees
and praying
she comes back with grady who was frozen
to death
this causes mia to break down and cry as
she blames herself for what happened as
she left the door open for him to get
out
grace truly believes that they are in
purgatory and can only repent for their
sins
she stays outside the whole night even
as mia pleads with her to go back inside
grace begins her penance by burning her
legs on hot logs
the kids begin to grow concerned for
grace as it is revealed that they were
gaslighting her into thinking she was
going crazy this whole time
they stole her meds and other belongings
and hid them in a crawl space
they drugged her tea and played
recordings of her father's voice to
torment her
they then lock themselves in the attic
as they are now terrified of grace
in the morning richard returns while
grace is frostbitten and fully mad
she has the kids with her and is holding
richard's gun richard tries to talk her
down but she is convinced they are dead
and she puts the gun to her head and
pulls the trigger to prove it
richard tries to get his gun back but
grace shoots him in the head killing him
the kids rush to richard's body before
running outside
aidan tries to drive them away but the
car is stuck in the snow and grace gets
them
grace sits the kids and richard's corpse
at the table as she forces them to sing
a church him
she then puts tape on their mouths with
sin written on it leaving the gun in the
middle of the table
if you enjoyed this video subscribe so
you can watch more videos like this